Merry Christmas & Happy New Year

											 12/15/2012
Dear Friends and Family,

We hope this Christmas Greeting finds you happy and healthy.  We are busy per usual, but enjoying our family and good friends along the way.

Nathan celebrated his quarter of a century birthday last week in the Big Apple.  His girlfriend, Tiffany, threw a successful surprise party for him.  A good time was had by all, including Harry who traveled to NYC for the occasion. Nathan still lives in Brooklyn, where he thankfully fared well during Hurricane Sandy. He and his company stepped up to provide aid to those in need ~ certainly another opportunity to count our blessings.  We are delighted that he will be home for Christmas.

Harry recently returned from a fascinating internship in Washington, D.C. where he was an intern for a retiring senator.  In October, he arranged a wonderful four day visit for me, including a delightful semi-annual tour of the White House Gardens and a private tour of the capitol. He will return to school after the holidays to complete his undergraduate degree. How quickly these two years have gone! Since he has been home, he has been cooking up a storm - we love it!

Stephan turned sweet 16 in September, is a junior in High School, and has truly blossomed!  He has developed confidence via his third year in choir and his first year in Play Productions.  His drama group recently performed The Man Who Came to Dinner.  Outstanding!

Daniel reduced his commute following his switch to a new role in a neighboring city.  He remains sleep deprived, but appreciates being closer to home and is very proud of his work at this noteworthy medical unit.

Nancy continues to help Dr. Dan with his practice.  This year she assisted him in incorporating and is currently implementing an in house billing process.  The automation demands recall her corporate projects and endeavors.  She looks forward to the greater independence and control Dan's clinic will achieve through these enhancements.


Frohe Weinachten!
Many blessings to you for health and good cheer in 2013

