Merry Christmas & Happy New Year

12/19/2014
Dear Friends and Family,

We hope these greetings find you feeling more blessed than ever!

This makes us even more delighted that we are all committed to being together at Christmas. We try to see each other as often as possible throughout the year making for fun excursions. We’re are gearing up for Nathan’s arrival on December 21st. Last trip we visited both the Brooklyn and the 911 Museums, respectively inspiring and touching experiences. Last trip we visited both the Brooklyn and the 911 Museums, respectively inspiring and touching experiences.

He is a great roommate so it is mutually beneficial for the entire family :) He is saving money while living at home. He is saving money while living at home. He is saving money while living at home.

He graduated in June, so we have no more babies in high school. He took the semester off to work for Dr. Daniel and will begin college in January. He graduated in June, so we have no more babies in high school.

Please come by to see us and the welcoming, greatly windowed office! We recently moved his private clinic to a new location. It was a fabulous move, making us wonder why it took us so long! Daniel continues as the Medical Director at a large facility in the neighboring town.

Still not quite the same as what she was doing before, but still keeping her amply challenged. When not working and needing to switch gears she still enjoys painting, flower arranging, gardening, cooking, as much non-number crunching, creative activities as possible! Nancy continues to manage Dr. Daniel’s clinic and practice. Dr. Daniel promoted her to CEO!

He was the fantastic Choir Director that inspired all three of the boys. Highlight of the year: Choir Trip this summer to celebrate the director’s retirement. He was the fantastic Choir Director that inspired all three of the boys. Highlight of the year: Choir Trip this summer to celebrate the director’s retirement. Highlight of the year: Choir Trip this summer to celebrate the director’s retirement.

Good cheer and good health to you in 2014, with love from our family
