Merry Christmas & Happy New Year

Dear Friends and Family, 12/7/13

Stollen Day at our house, plus Stephan’s birthday! We survived the first big storm of the season and Tahoe is now covered in snow: a winter wonderland!

Stephan (turning 26 today) is still in NYC and living in Brooklyn, though he moved in September very close to Prospect Park and our favorite: Brooklyn Botanical Garden. The company he works for is growing faster than ever affording Nathan many opportunities to develop management skills, third party experience, etc. Salesforce invited him to speak at Dreamforce, so we spent the week before Thanksgiving together. Thankfully he and his wonderful girlfriend, Nancy, will be home for Christmas week.

Harry turned 21 in February and asked to celebrate in Napa. Fun was had by all! He graduated in June and then headed to DC again for an internship with a think tank. He is currently in the job market and looking for a position in communications in the tech industry. So, keep him in mind when you hear of any companies looking for a great writer and speaker! In the meantime, he assists Dr. Daniel with projects and running the front office, plus keeps us well fed with his culinary skills.

Harry (17) is a senior is at Monte Vista High School. The youngest is about to graduate! His parents will not rush this year, encouraging all to savor the last of these primary school years: choir performances, drama performances, spirit activities, high school ball, graduation … And then we will CELEBRATE!

Stephan has been the Medical Director of Rehabilitation Services at a large hospital in the neighboring town for almost 1.5 years. Time flies! His job is extremely demanding and makes it challenging to maintain his private clinic practice. But, he is committed to diversity, especially as the future of medicine is so uncertain.

Nancy spent most of the year bringing Dr. Tiffany’s billing in house and managing the demands of automation. Time with the boys became and remains oh so precious.


As we get older, we see dear friends go through new phases. Some are wonderful, some are painful. Losing friends and loved ones has been a difficult experience for many. It reminds us to treasure the moments we have, savor the special experiences that come our way, and always count our many blessings. You are one of those blessings!


Frohe Weinachten!
Good cheer and good health to you in 2014
