Merry Christmas & Happy New Year

											12/19/2014
Dear Friends and Family,

We hope these greetings find you feeling more blessed than ever!

We’re are gearing up for Nathan’s arrival on December 21st.  Sadly, we have not had Thanksgiving with him in years due to the long haul from the east coast with too few days to enjoy the holiday.  This makes us even more delighted that we are all committed to being together at Christmas.  We try to see each other as often as possible throughout the year making for fun excursions.  Last trip we visited both the Brooklyn and the 911 Museums, respectively inspiring and touching experiences.

Harry has been working in a new role since June.  He loves it.  He is saving money while living at home.  He is a great roommate so it is mutually beneficial for the entire family :)

Stephan turned 18 and was able to vote for the first time in the recent election, a proud moment.  He graduated in June, so we have no more babies in high school.  He took the semester off to work for Dr. Daniel and will begin college in January.

Daniel continues as the Medical Director at a large facility in the neighboring town.  We recently moved his private clinic to a new location. It was a fabulous move, making us wonder why it took us so long!  Please come by to see us and the welcoming, greatly windowed office!

Nancy continues to manage Dr. Daniel’s clinic and practice.  Dr. Daniel promoted her to CEO!  Still not quite the same as what she was doing before, but still keeping her amply challenged. When not working and needing to switch gears she still enjoys painting, flower arranging, gardening, cooking, as much non-number crunching, creative activities as possible!

Highlight of the year: Choir Trip this summer to celebrate the director’s retirement.  He was the fantastic Choir Director that inspired all three of the boys.  Nancy and Daniel played groupies following the choir with Harry and Stephan to all of their Parisian and Roman venues. Oh so delightful to hear the powerful and lovely voices of our choir in such beautiful and acoustically phenomenal cathedrals.  Memories for a lifetime.  Nancy gave in to Facebook and you can find a collection of posted videos on her page.

Good cheer and good health to you in 2014, with love from our family

